https://halimgur.substack.com/p/the-requiem-for-a-dream-israels-untaken
The Requiem for a Dream: Israel's Untaken Paths
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/the-importance-of-elite-consensus
The importance of elite consensus
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/openai-astounds-us-again
OpenAI astounds us again
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/why-did-elon-musk-buy-twitter
Why did Elon Musk buy Twitter?
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/elon-musk-the-spaceman
Elon Musk: The Spaceman
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/let-us-talk-about-elon-musk
Let us talk about Elon Musk
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/despicable-acts-part-2
Despicable Acts - Part 2
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/despicable-deeds
Despicable Deeds
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/rogue-age-and-climate-change-unpredictable
"ROGUE Age" & Climate Change: Unpredictable Global Transitions
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/rogue-age-accessory-1-population
ROGUE Age Accessory #1 - Population
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/rogue-renaissance-on-globe-with-upheavals
ROGUE - Renaissance on globe with upheavals everywhere
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/the-great-stagnation-ends-but-for
The Great Stagnation ends but for whom?
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/when-the-rivers-run-dry
When the rivers run dry
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/the-voice-referendum-in-australia
The Voice Referendum in Australia
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/conspiracy-theories-part-2
Conspiracy Theories - Part 2
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/conspiracy-theories-part-1
Conspiracy Theories - Part 1
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/how-many-more-ruins-in-great-britain
How many more ruins in Great Britain?
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/while-watching-utopia-on-abc
While watching Utopia on ABC
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/lying-oracles-and-the-anyone-and
Lying Oracles and the 'Anyone and No Holds Barred' war against Musk
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/the-one-thing-necessary-for-the-triumph
The one thing necessary for the triumph of ignorance is for wise men to stop talking to the uninformed
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/will-there-be-a-war
Will there be a war?
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/how-do-we-select-our-information
How do we select our information sources?
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/do-we-know-why-we-know-what-we-know
Do we know why we know what we know?
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/does-layering-affect-heat-loss
Does layering affect heat loss?
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/elections-in-turkey
Elections in Turkey
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/monster-wave-soon-to-hit-your-shore
Monster Wave soon to hit your shore
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/try-counting-carbons-not-calories
Try counting carbons not calories to have a better control on your weight
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/bridge-fixture-for-five-players
Bridge Fixture for Five Players
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/the-attainment-of-happiness
The Attainment of Happiness
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/competent-intelligence-is-here-will
Competent intelligence is here, will it do engineering?
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/the-prodigal-bird-returns
The Prodigal Bird returns
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/earthquake-thoughts-and-facts
Earthquake Thoughts and Facts
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/why-were-so-many-buildings-destroyed
Why were so many buildings destroyed?
https://halimgur.substack.com/p/retirement-a-journey-of-continued
Retirement: A Journey of Continued Relevance and Learning